ProjectStructure.md, before:

# Project Structure
Below is a comprehensive project structure for the AI Generated Website using pnpm workspaces. This structure will accommodate all the components and allow for future expansion.

```plaintext
chan-ko-llc/
├── package.json
├── pnpm-workspace.yaml
├── tsconfig.json
├── .eslintrc.js
├── .prettierrc
├── README.md
├── .gitignore
├── packages/
│   └── website/
│       ├── package.json
│       ├── public/
│       │   ├── index.html
│       │   ├── favicon.ico
│       │   └── logo.png
│       ├── src/
│       │   ├── components/
│       │   │   ├── Header/
│       │   │   │   ├── Header.tsx
│       │   │   │   ├── Header.module.css
│       │   │   │   └── index.ts
│       │   │   ├── Hero/
│       │   │   │   ├── Hero.tsx
│       │   │   │   ├── Hero.module.css
│       │   │   │   └── index.ts
│       │   │   ├── AboutUs/
│       │   │   │   ├── AboutUs.tsx
│       │   │   │   ├── AboutUs.module.css
│       │   │   │   └── index.ts
│       │   │   ├── Services/
│       │   │   │   ├── Services.tsx
│       │   │   │   ├── ServiceCard.tsx
│       │   │   │   ├── Services.module.css
│       │   │   │   └── index.ts
│       │   │   ├── CaseStudies/
│       │   │   │   ├── CaseStudies.tsx
│       │   │   │   ├── CaseStudyCard.tsx
│       │   │   │   ├── CaseStudies.module.css
│       │   │   │   └── index.ts
│       │   │   ├── Team/
│       │   │   │   ├── Team.tsx
│       │   │   │   ├── TeamMember.tsx
│       │   │   │   ├── Team.module.css
│       │   │   │   └── index.ts
│       │   │   ├── ContactForm/
│       │   │   │   ├── ContactForm.tsx
│       │   │   │   ├── ContactForm.module.css
│       │   │   │   └── index.ts
│       │   │   └── Footer/
│       │   │       ├── Footer.tsx
│       │   │       ├── Footer.module.css
│       │   │       └── index.ts
│       │   ├── styles/
│       │   │   ├── global.css
│       │   │   └── variables.css
│       │   ├── utils/
│       │   │   └── helpers.ts
│       │   ├── types/
│       │   │   └── index.ts
│       │   ├── hooks/
│       │   │   └── useForm.ts
│       │   ├── App.tsx
│       │   └── index.tsx
│       └── tsconfig.json
└── .vscode/
    └── settings.json
```

## Key aspects of this structure

1. Root level:
   - package.json: Contains workspace-wide scripts and shared devDependencies.
   - pnpm-workspace.yaml: Defines the workspace structure for pnpm.
   - tsconfig.json: Base TypeScript configuration (can be extended by packages).
   - .eslintrc.js and .prettierrc: Linting and formatting configurations.
   - README.md: Project documentation.
   - .gitignore: Specifies intentionally untracked files to ignore.

2. packages/website/:
   - This is where the main Chan-Ko LLC website code resides.
   - package.json: Contains dependencies and scripts specific to the website.
   - public/: Contains static assets like index.html, favicon, and logo.

3. src/ directory:
   - components/: Each component has its own directory with .tsx, .module.css, and index.ts files.
   - styles/: Global styles and CSS variables.
   - utils/: Utility functions.
   - types/: TypeScript type definitions.
   - hooks/: Custom React hooks.
   - App.tsx: Main application component.
   - index.tsx: Entry point of the React application.

4. .vscode/: 
   - settings.json: VS Code specific settings for consistent development experience.

This structure offers several benefits:

1. Modularity: Each component is self-contained, making it easy to manage and update.
2. Scalability: The workspace structure allows for easy addition of new packages if needed (e.g., a
backend API).
3. Separation of concerns: Styles, utilities, and types are organized into their own directories.
4. Easy navigation: The consistent structure makes it simple to find and work on specific parts of
the application.

To start working with this structure:

1. Create the directories and files as shown in the structure.
2. Copy the contents of the package.json files we created earlier into their respective locations.
3. Run `pnpm install` in the root directory to install all dependencies.
4. Use `pnpm run dev` from the root to start the development server.

Commit message:

Add initial components This PR adds the Header, Hero, and Footer components to the website. It also provides a bit of education on why we use the index.ts file in each component folder.

ProjectStructure.md, after:

# Project Structure
Below is a comprehensive project structure for the AI Generated Website using pnpm workspaces. This structure will accommodate all the components and allow for future expansion.

```plaintext
chan-ko-llc/
├── package.json
├── pnpm-workspace.yaml
├── tsconfig.json
├── .eslintrc.js
├── .prettierrc
├── README.md
├── .gitignore
├── packages/
│   └── website/
│       ├── package.json
│       ├── public/
│       │   ├── index.html
│       │   ├── favicon.ico
│       │   └── logo.png
│       ├── src/
│       │   ├── components/
│       │   │   ├── Header/
│       │   │   │   ├── Header.tsx
│       │   │   │   ├── Header.module.css
│       │   │   │   └── index.ts
│       │   │   ├── Hero/
│       │   │   │   ├── Hero.tsx
│       │   │   │   ├── Hero.module.css
│       │   │   │   └── index.ts
│       │   │   ├── AboutUs/
│       │   │   │   ├── AboutUs.tsx
│       │   │   │   ├── AboutUs.module.css
│       │   │   │   └── index.ts
│       │   │   ├── Services/
│       │   │   │   ├── Services.tsx
│       │   │   │   ├── ServiceCard.tsx
│       │   │   │   ├── Services.module.css
│       │   │   │   └── index.ts
│       │   │   ├── CaseStudies/
│       │   │   │   ├── CaseStudies.tsx
│       │   │   │   ├── CaseStudyCard.tsx
│       │   │   │   ├── CaseStudies.module.css
│       │   │   │   └── index.ts
│       │   │   ├── Team/
│       │   │   │   ├── Team.tsx
│       │   │   │   ├── TeamMember.tsx
│       │   │   │   ├── Team.module.css
│       │   │   │   └── index.ts
│       │   │   ├── ContactForm/
│       │   │   │   ├── ContactForm.tsx
│       │   │   │   ├── ContactForm.module.css
│       │   │   │   └── index.ts
│       │   │   └── Footer/
│       │   │       ├── Footer.tsx
│       │   │       ├── Footer.module.css
│       │   │       └── index.ts
│       │   ├── styles/
│       │   │   ├── global.css
│       │   │   └── variables.css
│       │   ├── utils/
│       │   │   └── helpers.ts
│       │   ├── types/
│       │   │   └── index.ts
│       │   ├── hooks/
│       │   │   └── useForm.ts
│       │   ├── App.tsx
│       │   └── index.tsx
│       └── tsconfig.json
└── .vscode/
    └── settings.json
```

## Key aspects of this structure

1. Root level:
   - package.json: Contains workspace-wide scripts and shared devDependencies.
   - pnpm-workspace.yaml: Defines the workspace structure for pnpm.
   - tsconfig.json: Base TypeScript configuration (can be extended by packages).
   - .eslintrc.js and .prettierrc: Linting and formatting configurations.
   - README.md: Project documentation.
   - .gitignore: Specifies intentionally untracked files to ignore.

2. packages/website/:
   - This is where the main Chan-Ko LLC website code resides.
   - package.json: Contains dependencies and scripts specific to the website.
   - public/: Contains static assets like index.html, favicon, and logo.

3. src/ directory:
   - components/: Each component has its own directory with .tsx, .module.css, and index.ts files.
   - styles/: Global styles and CSS variables.
   - utils/: Utility functions.
   - types/: TypeScript type definitions.
   - hooks/: Custom React hooks.
   - App.tsx: Main application component.
   - index.tsx: Entry point of the React application.

4. .vscode/: 
   - settings.json: VS Code specific settings for consistent development experience.

This structure offers several benefits:

1. Modularity: Each component is self-contained, making it easy to manage and update.
2. Scalability: The workspace structure allows for easy addition of new packages if needed (e.g., a
backend API).
3. Separation of concerns: Styles, utilities, and types are organized into their own directories.
4. Easy navigation: The consistent structure makes it simple to find and work on specific parts of
the application. 

To start working with this structure:

1. Create the directories and files as shown in the structure.
2. Copy the contents of the package.json files we created earlier into their respective locations.
3. Run `pnpm install` in the root directory to install all dependencies.
4. Use `pnpm run dev` from the root to start the development server.

## A brief note about `index.ts`
The `index.ts` file for each component is a simple file that re-exports the component. This pattern allows for cleaner imports in other parts of your application.

This single line of code does the following:
1. It imports the default export from the '.tsx' file (which is the component).
2. It immediately re-exports this default export.

The benefit of this approach is that it allows you to import components in other files like this:
```typescript
import Header from './components/Header';
```
Instead of:
```typescript
import Header from './components/Header/Header';
```

This pattern provides a cleaner import syntax and allows you to potentially add named exports in the future without changing how other files import the main component.
